README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# PanCanNebraska

<!-- badges: start -->

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/318059884.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/318059884)

[![GitHub
issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska)](https://github.com/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska/issues)
[![GitHub
forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska)](https://github.com/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska/network)
[![GitHub
stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska)](https://github.com/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska/stargazers)
[![Travis build
status](https://travis-ci.com/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska.svg?branch=main)](https://travis-ci.com/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=HP1VFCRZ0M)]()

![GitHub release (latest SemVer including
pre-releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska?include_prereleases&label=latest-release)
![GitHub release (latest
SemVer)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska?label=latest-stable)
[![GitHub
license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska)](https://github.com/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska/blob/main/LICENSE)

![GitHub language
count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska)
![GitHub top
language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska)
![Lines of
code](https://img.shields.io/tokei/lines/github/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska)
![GitHub code size in
bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska)
![GitHub repo
size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska)

<!-- badges: end -->

The PanCanNebraska Repository contains the code and the analysis that
researchers at the Cognitive Disorders Research Lab (CDRL) have
performed for the Mahapatra Lab at University of Nebraska.

## Installation

This is a stand-alone project that will not be submitted to CRAN or
Bioconductor. It can be installed directly from github using devtools:

``` r
devtools::install_github("AliSajid/PanCanNebraska")
```

The analysis is contained within the vignettes. If you want to build the
vignettes yourselves, use the following command:

``` r
devtools::install_github("AliSajid/PanCanNebraska", build_vignettes = TRUE)
```

Commit message:

Added another file to correctly detect a license

README.md, after:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# PanCanNebraska

<!-- badges: start -->

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/318059884.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/318059884)

[![GitHub
issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska)](https://github.com/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska/issues)
[![GitHub
forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska)](https://github.com/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska/network)
[![GitHub
stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska)](https://github.com/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska/stargazers)
[![Travis build
status](https://travis-ci.com/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska.svg?branch=main)](https://travis-ci.com/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=HP1VFCRZ0M)]()

![GitHub release (latest SemVer including
pre-releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska?include_prereleases&label=latest-release)
![GitHub release (latest
SemVer)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska?label=latest-stable)
[![GitHub
license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska)](https://github.com/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska/blob/main/LICENSE)

![GitHub language
count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska)
![GitHub top
language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska)
![Lines of
code](https://img.shields.io/tokei/lines/github/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska)
![GitHub code size in
bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska)
![GitHub repo
size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/AliSajid/PanCanNebraska)

<!-- badges: end -->

The PanCanNebraska Repository contains the code and the analysis that
researchers at the Cognitive Disorders Research Lab (CDRL) have
performed for the Mahapatra Lab at University of Nebraska.

This project is licensed under the terms of the GNU GPLv3 License.

## Installation

This is a stand-alone project that will not be submitted to CRAN or
Bioconductor. It can be installed directly from github using devtools:

``` r
devtools::install_github("AliSajid/PanCanNebraska")
```

The analysis is contained within the vignettes. If you want to build the
vignettes yourselves, use the following command:

``` r
devtools::install_github("AliSajid/PanCanNebraska", build_vignettes = TRUE)
```
